In this task, wanted data published by Interpol is retrieved and added to a queue. This information read from the queue is recorded in the database and shared via a web server. 
The application should be implemented in the architecture specified below. All operations should be presented to the user with a visual interface and prepared in a way suitable for the Docker environment. 

Required Materials:
The architecture consists as the following.
Container A: Red list data published by “Interpol” is continuously retrieved for a specific period and transferred to the queue system in Container C. While scraping the Interpol, system
must not be detected as "bot". This is important for sustainability.

Container B: It should be a web server prepared with Python. The queue in Container C should be listened to here. The information obtained from the queue should be saved in the desired database. 
This information should be displayed on a simple HTML web page with time information via the web server. The interface page shared by the web server should be updated with each piece of 
information obtained from the queue. The updating of previously recorded information should be shown as an alarm on the interface. 

Container C: Contains “RabbitMQ”, a message queuing system.

Supporting Services: PostgreSQL for notice storage, MinIO for image storage.

Variables in the structure must be modifiable via environment-config (changes should be possible without modifying the code),
The structure must be built according to Object-Oriented Programming principles,
The desired software must be prepared in a way suitable for the Docker environment and built and deployed by dockerizing. Docker-compose must be used.
Documentation such as software tests, software operating requirements, comments and detailed explanation files, and installation instructions must be prepared
(requirements.txt, doc-test, readme.md, .dockerfile, etc.). 


Other Details:
The Python programming language must be used throughout the task.
All kinds of open source resources can be used.